ChatGPT For Your DATA | Chat with Multiple Documents Using LangChain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeDgIDqQmzs

Langchain + ChatGPT + Pinecone: A Question Answering Streamlit App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQnMADoFaWQ
it has code to block embeddings code if the file is already processed and app for chatbot

LangChain: Chat with Books and PDF Files with Llama 2 and Pinecone (Free LLMs & Embeddings)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckb4DnHLBrU
It has the procedure to download the model locally and run queries.

https://www.youtube.com/@SamuelChan/videos

Full-Stack ML Apps (Javascript, React, Streamlit) with Gradio API
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbn6yLcoyzo
Streamlit API Post request

OpenAI Api Crash Course For Beginners | Financial Data Extraction Tool Using OpenAI API
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP_ZON_P4Ks

How to deploy LLMs (Large Language Models) as APIs using Hugging Face + AWS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2A_CxrH3Ts

Deploy LLMs (Large Language Models) on AWS SageMaker using DLC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9Pu4xg-Nas

Your Own Llama 2 API on AWS SageMaker in 10 min! Complete AWS, Lambda, API Gateway Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y_TcDNC0HE

USING ðŸ¦œ LANGCHAIN AIs SequentialChain ðŸ”— : BUILD - @OpenAI @streamlit Web APP | Python
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVSiI-FFrV0
shows how to use sequencial chain prompts

Langchain: PDF Chat App (GUI) | ChatGPT for Your PDF FILES | Step-by-Step Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIWbalZ7sTo&t=1428s
it has FIASS and callback to cost of query

Chat with Multiple Documents with Llama 2 and ChromaDB (Free LLMs and Embeddings)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nac0nVBO24w

Chat with your PDF Chatbot: All OPEN SOURCE (Runs on CPU)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7wk1E1I0Qo
this has logic to upload file, save it into a directory and retrieve from directory and display on page.  
It has logic to only process once for creating embeddingd

Chatbot Answering from Your Own Knowledge Base: Langchain, ChatGPT, Pinecone, and Streamlit: | Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAKhxQ3hcMA
it has logic for different prompts with pine code, i has logic to consume end points also.

OpenAI Email
https://github.com/robocorp/example-llm-emails/blob/master/tasks.py

Chat with an image | LangChain custom tools tutorial | Python Streamlit | Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71EOM5__vkI

C:\Program Files\Tesseract-OCR\tesseract.exe'

How To Install & Use the Unstructured File Loader and Upload the Content To A Pinecone Database.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OuOsuhy3Y8

how to install multiple versions of python using virtualenv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk-ikK90AyQ

Large Language Models: How to Chat With Any PDFs And Image Files - Source Code Available!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHbM2wCyd8s

Launch Your Own Langchain PDF Chat | Streamlit Tutorial | No code, Easy | Python w Faiss VectorDB
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQBeMhhQjp4
It has functionality to generate sample questions, good UI, option to use OpenAI or HuggingFace
great resource


ALL Good Code -- Includes chat with CSV using vector store
https://github.com/MuhammadMoinFaisal/LargeLanguageModelsProjects/blob/main/Chat_with_CSV_File_Lllama2/script.py

LangChain - Streamlit full application custom code:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKQrbyjIDI8